README.md, before:

# Media Scripts

This repository contains scripts that are useful for managing media files. Some of them are Plex specific, while others will work with any media files in general. These were previously posted on the Plex Forums, but this repository serves as a more organized home for them.

## General

 - [force-signs](https://github.com/iwalton3/media-scripts/tree/master/force-signs) - Mark subtitle tracks with visible text translations as forced.
 - [media-discard](https://github.com/iwalton3/media-scripts/tree/master/media-discard) - Remove audio and subtitle tracks not in your preferred languages.
 - [subtitle-audio-transfer](https://github.com/iwalton3/media-scripts/tree/master/subtitle-audio-transfer) - Transfer subtitles or audio tracks between files and sync them.

## Plex Specific

 - [subtitle-tool](https://github.com/iwalton3/media-scripts/tree/master/subtitle-tool-for-plex) - Set an entire anime series in Plex to subtitled or dubbed.
 - [mpv-shim-local-connection](https://github.com/iwalton3/media-scripts/tree/master/mpv-shim-local-connection-for-plex) - Connect to [MPV Shim](https://github.com/iwalton3/plex-mpv-shim) without a local Plex server.
 - [inject-titles](https://github.com/iwalton3/media-scripts/tree/master/inject-titles-for-plex) - Inject the subtitle and audio track titles into the Plex interface.
 - [no-cover-fade-in](https://github.com/iwalton3/media-scripts/tree/master/no-cover-fade-in) - Speed up loading of media thumbnails.

Commit message:

Add detect-static-image utility.

README.md, after:

# Media Scripts

This repository contains scripts that are useful for managing media files. Some of them are Plex specific, while others will work with any media files in general. These were previously posted on the Plex Forums, but this repository serves as a more organized home for them.

## General

 - [force-signs](https://github.com/iwalton3/media-scripts/tree/master/force-signs) - Mark subtitle tracks with visible text translations as forced.
 - [media-discard](https://github.com/iwalton3/media-scripts/tree/master/media-discard) - Remove audio and subtitle tracks not in your preferred languages.
 - [subtitle-audio-transfer](https://github.com/iwalton3/media-scripts/tree/master/subtitle-audio-transfer) - Transfer subtitles or audio tracks between files and sync them.
 - [detect-static-image](https://github.com/iwalton3/media-scripts/tree/master/detect-static-image) - Detects video files which are just an image and not actually video.

## Plex Specific

 - [subtitle-tool](https://github.com/iwalton3/media-scripts/tree/master/subtitle-tool-for-plex) - Set an entire anime series in Plex to subtitled or dubbed.
 - [mpv-shim-local-connection](https://github.com/iwalton3/media-scripts/tree/master/mpv-shim-local-connection-for-plex) - Connect to [MPV Shim](https://github.com/iwalton3/plex-mpv-shim) without a local Plex server.
 - [inject-titles](https://github.com/iwalton3/media-scripts/tree/master/inject-titles-for-plex) - Inject the subtitle and audio track titles into the Plex interface.
 - [no-cover-fade-in](https://github.com/iwalton3/media-scripts/tree/master/no-cover-fade-in) - Speed up loading of media thumbnails.
